Revise 'loops unwinding' tutorial (#1346)
model-checking/kani: docs/src/tutorial-loop-unwinding.md

{{#include tutorial/loops-unwinding/src/lib.rs:kani}}
```

But we've just used a new feature (`#[kani::unwind(1)]`) that requires some explanation.
When we run `cargo kani` on this code as we have written it, we see an odd verification failure:

```
SUMMARY:
 ** 1 of 67 failed (66 undetermined)
Failed Checks: unwinding assertion loop 0

VERIFICATION:- FAILED
```

> If we try removing this "unwind" annotation and re-running Kani, we get a worse failure: non-termination.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If we try removing this "unwind" annotation and re-running Kani, the result is worse: non-termination.
```

<details>
<summary>Click to see explanation for the exercise</summary>

Since the proof harness is trying to limit the array to size 10, an initial unwind value of 10 seems like the obvious place to start.
But that's not large enough for Kani.

At size 11, we still see the "unwinding assertion" failure, but now we can see the actual failures we're trying to find, too.
Finally at size 12, the "unwinding assertion" goes away, just leaving the other failures.
We'll explain why we see this behavior in a moment.

</details>

Once we have increased the unwinding limit high enough, we're left with these failures:

```
SUMMARY:
 ** 2 of 67 failed
Failed Checks: index out of bounds: the length is less than or equal to the given index
 File: "./src/lib.rs", line 12, in initialize_prefix
Failed Checks: dereference failure: pointer outside object bounds
 File: "./src/lib.rs", line 12, in initialize_prefix

VERIFICATION:- FAILED
```

**Exercise**: Fix the off-by-one error, and get the (bounded) proof to go through.

We now return to the question: why is 12 the unwinding bound?
Well, the first answer is: it isn't!
Reduce it to 11 and observe that the proof now still works!

> Kani needs the unwinding bound to be "one more than" the number of loops.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Kani needs the unwinding bound to be "one more than" the number of iterations.
```

We previously had an off-by-one error that tried to do 11 iterations on an array of size 10.

> So... it needed to be 12, then.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
So... the unwinding bound needed to be 12, then.
```

Fixing that error to do the correct 10 iterations means we can now successfully reduce that unwind bound to 11 again.

> **NOTE**: Presently, there are some situations where "number of iterations of a loop" can be less obvious than it seems.
> This can be easily triggered with use of `break` or `continue` within loops.
> Often this manifests itself as needing "two more" or "three more" iterations in the unwind bound than seems like it would actually run.
> In those situations, we might still need a bound like `kani::unwind(13)`, despite looking like a loop bounded to 10 iterations.

The approach we've taken here is a general method for getting a bounded proof to go through:

1. Put an actual upper bound on the problem itself.
Here that's accomplished via `LIMIT` in our proof harness.
We don't create a slice any bigger than that, and that's what we loop over.

> 2. Start at a reasonable guess for an `kani::unwind` bound, and increase until the unwinding assertion goes away.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Start at a reasonable guess for a `kani::unwind` bound, and increase until the unwinding assertion failure goes away.
```

We've written a proof harness that shows `initialize_prefix` has no errors on input slices of size 10, but no higher.
The particular size we choose is usually determined by balancing the level of assurance we want, versus runtime of Kani.
It's often not worth running proofs for large numbers of iterations, unless either very high assurance is necessary, or there's reason to suspect larger problems will contain novel failure modes.

**Exercise**: Try increasing the problem size (both the unwind and the `LIMIT` constant). When does it start to take more than a few seconds?

<details>
<summary>Click to see explanation for the exercise</summary>

On your friendly neighborhood author's machine, a `LIMIT` of 100 takes about 3.8 seconds end-to-end.
This is a relatively simple bit of code, though, and it's not uncommon for some proofs to scale poorly even to 5 iterations.

</details>

One consequence of this, however, is that Kani often scales poorly to "big string problems" like parsing.
Often a parser will need to consume inputs larger than 10-20 characters to exhibit strange behaviors.

## Summary

In this section:

1. We saw Kani fail to terminate.

> 2. We saw how `#[kani::unwind(1)]` can force a proof to terminate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. We saw how `#[kani::unwind(1)]` can force verification to terminate.
```
